Flying Lord
I respect you.
But you have repeatedly helped this trash to mush
What does a blogger do?
Prudent princess driving
If you continue like this, are you going to rebel?
You are courting death
Let him continue to waste, and everyone will be here later.
public disposal
To serve the demon
Is a kid
Don't think your pretend rescue is real
Lord God, I am ready
Come over
Xu Shangde, what do you mean?
Didn't he want to draw the sword?
Of course, you have to find someone to prove it.
Journalists are the best proof
But here's the thing.
If you can't draw this sword today
you
And you have to die
Haha, this Xu Shaode is really a ghost
So many people
As long as Zhaofu pulls out Jinghong Sword
No one dared to question his identity as the Lord God
Pull it out, we're all waiting to see you draw your sword
Come and shoot for me
Live stream to me
I'm going to let the whole city
I want everyone to know
This kid is a fake god
The nine clans must be destroyed
Execute the nine clans, right?
Then I will fulfill you